hey Jackie over to brother's adventures
going to show you a buck Nighthawk knife
my brother and I both have one of these
before we had the great big k bar heavy
Bowie's as our standard camp knife a
baton and knife wood processing knife
whatever we had these buck Nighthawks
these are good knives get these both out
so you can see him that's mine this is
my brothers mines had more use of my
brother simply this was my River knife
for a long time I wore this actually
strapped to my to the chest strap of my
life preserver life preserver there you
go thank you brother
just you know case you get tangled in
ropes or a tree snag or anything else
like that so anyways just had a lot of
wear and tear being in the river and in
the sand and stuff these blades are
these knives weigh 10 ounces they have a
reinforced nylon and a rubberized grip
handle they're made out of 420 high
carbon steel this one has a black oxide
coating on it this one just has the bead
blasted finish on it there they're 11
and a quarter inches overall in length
the blade is 6 and a half inches
modified clip point blade there are very
heavy blades that are about 1/4 inch or
maybe even more wide they have a false
edge on the back here but these knives
are full tang and they're very rugged
they're very heavy knife the handle is
very grippy has a little insert here
rubberized insert for your thumb to give
your thumb purchase on there and this
portion right here that's beaded is all
rubberized this is a harder material
they're nylon but very good grip even
ones wet like I say I carried this as my
River knife for a long time and even
when my hand was soaking wet and this
was soaking wet you want to come right
out of the water this thing was very
very grippy wasn't slippy at all so as
you can see this blade has some
discoloration and stuff on it but for
all the time that this spent in the
water literally hours and hours a day
wet there's really not much
damage to that blade I would just bring
it home simply and just spray it with
wd-40 put it back in the sheath the
sheath or nylon they have some type of a
if you can see that in this light a
plastic insert in there so you don't cut
through the sheath and then just a snap
closure at the top but anyways these are
the knives that we carried before we got
the cave art heavy Boies there are good
knives there's nothing wrong with them
we didn't find any fault with these
whatsoever other than just the size we
decided we wanted to go with a little
bit bigger knife it was capable of doing
some more chopping batani
some larger stuff things like that so we
went with the just simply the bigger the
bigger knife but as far as you know
blade thickness pretty much the same
quality you know haven't had a problem
at all with these very nice overall
package so if you don't want to go these
are about Oh 65 $70 these are a little
bit cheaper you can get them 55 $60 if
you if you don't like quite as big a
knife this is a very very viable option
for a nice solid thick heavy outdoor
camp type of knife so anyways just
thought we'd show you that the this is
the buck Nighthawk